3,000 taels is too much, right?
Didn't we agree before?
2,000 taels of music every month
Before was before
Now is now
Look at how good your restaurant business is now
Is it still short of my 1,000 taels?
One yard is one yard?
And it's written so clearly in black and white
I can't give you money.
You have to give.
Give or give
I won't pay you back.
I don't rent it anymore, it's not you, please ask the leader to tell you directly.
What kind of broken milk tea do you have?
I already knew how to do it
Isn't it just milk and tea mixed together?
Who wouldn't?
Go, go, go, go to the restaurant
I don't rent anymore
Boss Ye, then I wish you a prosperous business.
I don't want the other 2,000 taels of silver either.
Think of it as buying a coffin board for yourself
We'll see.
You deserve it too
Take off the plaque of Lin's Restaurant for me and take it away
Go to linna
Stop! Why are you taking off my sign?
The owner of this restaurant's plaque
I designed it with my own money.
What's with you
You've figured it out
If this brand is removed
Our beam is dead
You don't even think about opening a store in Bianzhou
What about this sign today?
I'll take it.
Lin Yi, I remember you
We'll see.